Add BBE for `Regex` match operations (#5678)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution: examples/regexp-match-operations/regexp_match_operations.md

# RegExp operations

> The `RegExp` type include a set of langlib functions for matching patterns in strings, enabling operations to find, validate, group, and extract data based on regular expressions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `RegExp` type support a set of langlib functions to match patterns in strings and enable operations such as finding, validating, grouping, and extracting data based on regular expressions.
```

Double check grouping?

Reviewer: Also lang library vs langlib doesn't seem to be consistent across BBEs?

Author: Grouping is supported by match `fullMatchGroups` `matchGroupsAt` operations right?

> The ``RegExp`` type include a set of langlib functions for matching patterns in strings, enabling operations to find, validate, group, and extract data based on regular expressions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `RegExp` type include a set of langlib functions for matching patterns in strings, enabling operations to find, validate, group, and extract data based on regular expressions.
```

> The `RegExp` type support a set of langlib functions to match patterns in strings and enable operations such as finding, validating, grouping, and extracting data based on regular expressions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `RegExp` type supports a set of langlib functions to match patterns in strings and enable operations such as finding, validating, grouping, and extracting data based on regular expressions.
```
